**Observable Trends:**

1. Contrary to popular belief, an increase in funding per student does not reflect in a positive effect on average math and reading scores, the percent passing math and reading, and the overall percent passing. In 'Scores by School Spending' data set, the average, or percent for each parameter (Average Math Score, Average Reading Score, Percent Passing Math, Percent Passing Reading) decrease as the funding per student decreases. 

2. Schools with sizes up to 2,000 students appear to have little to no effect on all parameters for scores. However, once the student population reaches a range of 2,000-5,000 students, greater differences in scores can be observed.  A theory could be formed that schools with less students have a lower student to teacher ratio which then in turn results in more one-on-one time with teachers and students. And ultimately higher scores across the board.  

3. Students who attend Charter schools versus District schools have a great likelihood of achieving an overall passing status. Based on the data, Charter schools ranked in the top 5 performing schools in accordance with percentage of students meeting overall passing. On the flip side, District schools were the bottom 5 performing schools in accordance with percentage of students meeting overall passing. This information correlates with the observations made in observation #2 which was based on school size. Charter schools tend to be less than 2,000 in student population, except for Wilson High School (2,283). All District schools in the data set are greater than 2,000 students. Therefore, because of Charter school’s smaller student population, theoretically they should be able to outperform District schools in all parameters due to small class size which equals more one-on-one time with the teacher. 
